William Dorsey
React Developer
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CONTACT
React Developer jan '18 - Jun '20 +1 (270) 366 4076
Riverwell Technologies Boston, MA @ william@hiration.com
One of Americas top 10 digital agencies that design content products across the country with revenues q Boston, MA
worth USO 23 million
oo. co. . in wow Jinkedin.com/in/william
Ul Components Designing Application Interface Coding :
+ Identified web-based user interactions and developed highly-responsive user wow.github.com/william
interface components via React concepts SUMMARY
 Translated designs wireframes into high-quality code and wrote application z
4+ years experienced React
interface code via JavaScript following Reacts workflows j
s Developer with hands-on
Code Debugging Front-end Architecture : E ae
7 tet ae : experience in identifying web-
 Troubleshot interface software and debugged application codes to improve f ,
: : based user interactions along
functionality and performance by 50 
i . with designing implementing
 Developed and implemented front-end architecture to support user interface j : :
, highly-responsive user interface
concepts with 100 accuracy 4
igi components by deploying React
Performance Optimization Features Development aus :
 concepts. Proficient in translating
 Monitored and improved front-end performance by 15 and documented : : :
re designs wireframes into high-
application changes worked on updates : a
: quality code, and writing
+ Developed the latest user-facing features using Reactjs and built reusable pallies :
 application interface code via
components front-end libraries for future use :
ee 4 javascript and React)S workflows.
 Optimized components for maximum performance across a vast array of web- 
7 Adept at monitoring 
capable devices and browsers r
wee . maintaining frontend
Application Development Ul Designing
. i s performance and
 Coordinated with the development team of 35 to discuss user interface ideas and 5 .
Sslicaifone troubleshooting debugging the
ans 5 tleatl i a are sia stibil same to bolster overall
. eyiewe application requirements and interface designs to ensure compatibility performance,
with existing applications
Frontend Developer Jan '16 - Jan '18 KEY SKILLS
 Ul Designi
Technovation Inc. Boston, MA : Seine i
 One of the top web designing companies in the US with over 2k employees and servicing thousands of clients z piel,
across te nation, . Celeb dis
Webpage Designing Optimization eat peset
. I
 Determined the structure and design of web pages based on user requirements and ee
. i
balanced functional aesthetic designs oa :
 Front-end Architecture
 Created features to enhance the user experience while ensuring that the web design Pe/formance improvement
is optimized for smartphones Fests Desi ae :
 Employed a variety of languages such as HTML and C58 to write create user- ae 8
friendly web pages evens Deeere
 y hd : Webpage Optimization
Coding Website Improvement 2 Preizer Deine
 Built reusable code for future use and optimized web pages for 5 applications for cl au Survivl 
 Cli urvivi
maximum speed and scalability ne
F i : Graphic Designing
 Managed brand consistency throughout the design and maintained improved the
company's website by adding more features and functionality TECHNICAL SKILLS
Project Delivery Graphic Designing Languages:
+ Ligised with cross-functional teams to ensure that the client projects were JavaScript
completed on time and within a stipulated budget jQuery
 Produced high-quality mockups designed different prototypes and provided high- 55
quality graphics visual elements. HTML
EDUCATION React tools:
 Reactjs
B. Tech. in Computer Science Jan 12 - Jan '16 . Wend,
New York University New York, NY Enzyme
 Redux