Resume Customer
 
Street Address, Coty, Seance ZF
RBR-BRR-SRER + cmnaikainddrees com
Senior SQL Developer, DBA and Data Modeler
Experienced SQL developer and administextor with extensive project management experience. Proven
record of contribution and aiaccessful completion af vital, enterprise-level SQL projects ina demanding
financial services environment. Outsianding supervisory skills, capable of motivating and leading team
maeribers. Developed or assisted with development of many mapor internal SQL applications and projects.
Drives bottom-line results using a strategic hands-on approach. Understands the synergies of technubogy,
Peociss Improvement, husiness operations, and strategic planting. Consistently exesecls project goals
with high precision and efficiency.
Skills and Areas of Expertise
 Microaon Windows Server + Microsoft Team Foundation Server Queet SQL Spotlight
 SQL Server 2008 (RI Rp Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 Repliweb
 SQL Server 201M 2000/7.0 Microsoft Visual Source Safe 8QL Litespeed
+ SQLServer Reporting Services + Cit, Visual Basic, NET, Cae # Executive Lendership
 SQL Server Integration Services + ERWIN, MYSQL, ASM) + Project Management
 SQL Server Analysis Services + 891 Compare + Process provements
Professional Experience
Bank of America, Calabasas, CA 200 Present
Vice President, Senior Technical Manager
Responsible for key reporting operutions within Enterprise Change, Technology and Operations
management using Microsolt SQL Server. Designed and developed a metrics reporting aystem ta
aggregate all discoverable hardware and software information deployed across the enterprise from various
sources such aa Runbook, Maxieno and Enventory. Created monitoring tools and processes to monitor
database storage and file space usage.
Managed team of six to ight sssociates responsible for managing hundreds of SQ databases for the
secondary markeling division. Played a key role in directing strategy and daiabase design, Ensured
reliability and availability of critical data through eonfiguestion, database optimisation, mirroring,
deplovment in NAS and SAN environments and centralized backups. Secured dutubases utilizing best
peattices and developed a proprietary ehfuscation systen to scrub customer sensitive date before release
lo development and testing environments.