Robert Smith Phone (223) 456 78 99
Ernall: (nfotiywikre sume, corn
Website wan cwilkre swine, car
Sql Database Developer Linkedin: Hinkedin.com/qwikresume
Address 1737 Marshyille Road, Alabarna
SUMMARY
Over 9 years of DBA experience on Data Design, Development and Administration on SQL Server
27014, 2012, SQL Server 2008-R2, 2008 and 2005 systern In OLTP/OLAP environment. Experience
in Oracle Database and Adrninistration AND Development database. Expert in RDBMS concepts
and constructs to design. relational databases model and Implementation as per business needs,
SKILLS
Creating database triggers for use In automation, Maintaining data quality and overseeing
database security,
WORK EXPERIENCE
Sql Database Developer
ABE Corporation - March 2012 - February 2014

 Installed and configured MS SQL Server and Clients.

 Created and managed schema objects such as tables, views, clusters, indexes, procedures,
triggers and maintained Referential Inte arity.

 Performed Data mloration (import Garp export BCP) from Text to SQL Server.

- Managed Disk space, memory and User connections,

 Established DR sites using log shipping and Wrote dynamic stored procedures for moving
Databases from production server to DR server.

 Performed query tuning and reduced response ime by 60 ,

 Performed query plans. and enforced Indexing Ine@ach and every query

Sql Database Developer
Delta Corporation - 2011-2012

 Project Student Management System (SMS) SMS isa web based software that manages day to
day operation for schools.

- Worked with T- SQL to create tables, build stored procedures, bullding and maintaining 5515
packages, and designing ac-hoe reports for our cllent to manage student data and provide
capabilities for registering students, grading, tuition payments ane to perform other related
tasks,

 Used AGILE/ SCRUM methodology to lriplerment the application,

 Developed physical data models using E-Draw and created DDL seripts to create database
schema and database objects,

 Besigned and implemented felational database rmanagernent system (RDBMS) using MS SQL
Server 2008R2,

 Normalized and De-normalized tables and maintained Referential Integrity by using Tlagers
ancl Prirnary and Foreign Keys.

 Used T-SQL scripts to create new tables, develop complex stored procedures, views, triggers
and user defined functions.

EDUCATION
Master of Sclance in Materials Selence - August 2011(State University of New York - Stony Brook,
NY)
 This Frew Aesunes Timp late is the copyright of Qwikresume com. Usui uke res