Proficient React Developer Front-end Specialist
 help@enhancv.com linkedin.com Fort Worth, Texas
SUMMARY STRENGTHS
Highly skilled React Developer with over seven years of professional experience. Proven Lod Technical proficiency
ability to develop user interface components with React.js and troubleshoot complex Expertise in React.js, JavaScript, CSS,
issues. Have made significant contributions in creating high-quality code with excellent and HTML. have proven experience
uptime and optimized performance. Excited about implementing robust and innovative in developing and optimizing user
solutions. interface components.
 i Problem-solving skill
EXPERIENCE Strong ability to debug code,
 troubleshoot issues, and implement
. 5 robust solutions to coding problems.
Senior React Developer 2018 - Ongoing
IBM Austin, Texas @ Team collaboration
Collaborated with a team in developing, testing, and ensuring the robustness of key user Skilled at working collaboratively
interface components. with a team in developing and
 Developed reusable ReactJS components, improving code manageability and reusability by ensuring the robustness of front-end
60 components.
 Optimized the system's overall performance, reducing loading time by 30 across different
web browsers.
 Spearheaded the translation of UIl/UX design to actual code which resulted in an enhanced
user interface. SKILLS
React.js - JavaScript - CSS - HTML - Redux -
React Developer 2016 - 2018 .
Microsoft Dallas, Texas Flux - Webpack - Enzyme -
. a . . . . Material U Component Library -
Developed high quality interface components and ensured its robustness in collaboration with
other team members. Performance Testing -
 Managed project end-to-end, reducing project cycle time by 20 . :
 Increased application performance by 45 by optimizing the web components. Project Management - Troubleshooting -
 Implemented a variety of front-end tools to aid the team in streamlining project execution. User Interface Design
Front-end Developer 2014 - 2016
Oracle eee CERTIFICATION
Worked with React tools and focused on cade quality and reusability for future projects. 
 Created an innovative front-end library resulting in 35 faster product development cycles. Advanced Reactjs
 Improved front-end coding standards resulting in 25 increase in team efficiency. : Se pcp At is
 Introduced and implemented browser-based debugging, improving troubleshooting Developed acy anced SKS ils React.js
efficiency by 40 . through a professional course provided by
Udemy
Front-end Web Development
EDUCATION 2
7 Learned advanced front-end languages
and tools via a course provided by
Master's degree in Computer Science 2012-2014, Coursera
The University of Texas at Dallas Dallas, Texas
PASSIONS
Bachelor's in Information Technology 2008 - 2012 ESSSSSSSSs
Texas A M University College Station, Texas 9 Continued Learning
Passionate about enhancing my
technical skills and learning new
technologies in the constantly
LANGUAGES evolving field of web development.
English Native eeeee Spanish Advanced eee