Junior Front-End Developer React Expert
helpBenhanwcom linkedicen 9 Washington, DC.
SUMMARY - STRENGTHS
Energetic hunter Front-End Developer with over 2 years of professional 5 Adaptability
experience focusing on React-based applications. Proficient with Quickly adapted to the sophisticated React
JavaScript, TypeSeript, and Git. Developed aver 10 user-centered React etonystem at Syntax Technologies, contributing
applications and traubleshooted 50+ website properties. Looking forward fo major peojects within the first few months.
to adding value through my passion and expertise.
w Collaborative
haterssfally collsberated vith tearm of
EXPEPSENCE developer and content creators at Innova
2 Solutions, improving sige traffic by 20 
Front-End Developer
Syntax Technologies 82009-2020 @ Washington OC . Dedicated Leamer
Congriben _ r pein based Consistently kept up-to-date with the babest
aa mae Eeoran tin Rechnalagles, including a proficient
 Devlgen 10+ we-ecend meter ret aplication reiting in 15 imped we pete ag a
 Troubleshot and maintained 7 company verbshes, ensuring fas and optimal
performance.
+ Wierked clopety with the conbert tear to optimise webrates far accecsitelity anal speed, SHLLS:
increasing site twalfic by 203 , _ S
React ReactHoaks JavaScript
Web Developer
linda Solutions G8 2018-2019 @ Wankington OC, Typescript Mobx MST Sass
Responsible for designing and maintaining company s web properties.
 lmpde mented React Bloaks in peo eeth enhucing cade reiabaley and etReheeey. Sookyaa. ot
+ Unlined Git for version conmret across all, pinjeces, enseriny peamiess team eollaberation,
+ Idenbiied and fined 0+ issues in web properties, improving website wnability,
Web Development Intern i
Neural Networks. 32018-2018) Washington, OC, Advanced React and Redux
Part of the development beam working on frontend techelogies. Certificate Course by Udemy focusing an advanced
+ Gained Aandioe experience with luwaScripe and Type scrips, combritutiony 10 wielious concepts of rect and educa.
developmen penyects,
+ Assisted in maintaining ard troublethooting porttotia of weebsites entaring seamiess . - .
user experiense, Modern JavaScript: From Novice to Ninja
+ Developed understanding of Sass and Bootitp, working on side projects and tasks iGiniphered civocvetarnestee coutte Uy ibetiron
Mode evaSeripst.
EDUCATION
4, . PASSIONS:
Master's degree in Computer Science eS 
Georgetown University 2 ioi5-247 Wanhingion. Oe. fz (Web Development
love creating interactive, efficient,and user-
Ft triendiy web applications that add value to
Bachelor's degree in Information Technology bussiness,
American University 82011-2015) F wahingtion Oe.
qe Learning Coding Languages
 Spending time deep-diving into new coding
LANGUAGES anguiges and verb vechnologies stimulates.
 _ _ and inspires me_
English Native soone Spanish Intermediate ee