SQL Developer

Phone: 0123)456-789 Email: infoi@qwikrasume.com Website: Qwikrasume.cam
CEE nn nnn
SUMMARY
Around 7 years.of professional experience in Design, Implementation Maintenance of OLTP 
Data Warehouse systems, Data Technical Architecture, ETL processes, Business Intelligance
and Enterprise Appiication Integration,
 CORE COMPETENCI
SQL, java, Business Analysis, ETL, Scum, Waterfall, S315, 35R5, Databases, Excel, Quality
 Control, Quality Assurance, MySQL, Project Management, Data Analysis, CRM, Salesforce,
Documentation, TFS, ADBMS.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SQL Developer
ABC Corporation - October 2009 - November 2010
Key Deliverables:

 Extensively invalyed in Gathering mquiremants by holding meetings with users.

 (Constructed context diagrams and daia-llow diagrams based on a description of a
business process,

 Analyzing the data model and identification of heterogeneous data sources.

 (Constructed an extended entityrelationship diagram based on a narrative desorption aba
business scenario.

 (Created Transtormations using the SQL-seript to modify ihe daia betore loading into tables:

 . Instalad-and Configured MS SQL Server 2008,

 Migrated SQL Server 2005 data bases into SQL Server 2008.

SQL Developer
ABC Corporation - 2005 - 2009
Key Deliverables:.

 The aim of the Project. isto help ihe departments in their underwriting process from
application through policy delivery, security, and controls, document retention which
primarily includes-oading and rouling the submissions:

 Responsibilities Created now database objects like Procedures, Functions, Packages,
Triggers, Indexes and Views using T-SQL in Development and Production environment for
SQL Server 2000 Actively participated in gathering of Requirement and System
Specification,

 DBeveloped-S OL Queries:to-fetch complex data from different tables in remote databases
using joins, database links and formatted the results into reports and kept loos Worked on
complex T-SQL statements, and implemented various codes and tunctions,

 Installad, authored, and managed reports using SQL Server 215 Reporting Services
Wrote Transact SQL utilities to generate table insertand update statements.

ee
2259 Oak Stree. Old Forge, New York, 13420
 This Free Resume Template is the copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage Guidelines