Reactjs Developer (@
4, +91892974974 EA sogerm/S02qgmailcom ff) eogar-jodhay-801925156 C) sagannj94 gp instagram Page
EXPERIENCE EDUCATION
IndaPaint Technologies Sep2021- SwamiRamanand Teerth 2012 -
Pyt. Ltd Present Marathwada University 2015
Reoet s Oeveloper Vododora, Gujarat 80 shoealithrasy PUBrAPPICSHON, se ahonashtre
 Improved React component lifecycle practices, Compuier, Grit
leading to 23 faster turmargund titre while
meeting all deodlines CERTIFICATION
 Colloborated with multiple teams and senior 
management to uncate ever 10 cllent websites to Film making Fundamental (video Editing)
meet industry standards Rellance Big Animation Issued: Mey 2017 Empires: Aue
 Implemented isomorphic React and Mode js tor SDE
foster web-based application lood times (35 
reduction) Web Development
 Molntained up-to-date documentation far ists ad iniacer ct Alay SOIREE OUT ce
necessary updates in response te new release Sa eter ee eee
versions.
HTMLS CSS3 Javascript Typescript EROJECTS
Reacts NextlS React-Baotstrap MU Fitness of Jan 2023 - Mar 2023
Graphol. lam exciusively dedicated to the frontend aspact of
 this project ond hove successfully completed it. For
 a this project, utilized the following tools: React,
Tritatn Infotech Nov 2020 Jul 202) eee ond eormik
Reacts Developer Pure
 Completed training project utilizing HTML CSS Huntavine of Feb 2023 - Present
vlan i eiGION GE ERS . Skilled fear of 4+ developers warking on Huntavina
: ei is apes beatles sey Sar SE, project for Australian client using Nextws, TypeScript,
+. Deveopad oie puiects: GraphQl, AWS, and Reoct-Bootstrap. Committed to
 delivering high-quality results, utilizing cutting-edge
HTML CSS JavaScript Bootstrap Reacts technologies, and maintaining open communication
with the clent to meet thelr unique needs and
Reliance Infrastructure Apr 2018 - Feb exceed expectotions. Confident in our ability to
dallver a top-notch praduct.
itd 2020 P i
System Engine ar Pure SKILLS
Designed implemented, and maintained elactronic 
systems and technologies to support business HTML5, CSS3, Javescript, ReactJS, NextJS,
operations, including harcware and software i i
systems, Communication networks, and security Redux-Thunk, Redux spOORM:
protocols. Conducted testing, troubleshooting, and React, Bootstrap, MDB,Formik, Yup,
optimization to ensure system performance and
Feliabilityy.
Bull with Resuminator