Experienced React Native Developer Mobile Applications Team Leadership
 B hetpiPenhancecom Einkedincom Chartette, Morth Carolina
SUMMARY STRENGTHS
ee ood
React Native Developer balding aver years of hands-on experience with a om Detail Oriented
consistent record of architecting high-performing mobile applications across fe
Ability Co pay strong atRention to detail are
(05 and Android platforms. Adept at transitioning webapps to react native and Seae RiGPAEiG icles sea rat
implementing best practices in app architecture. appealing applications, while meeting the
project requiements.
EXPERIENCE Uy Team Player
 A Proven ability to work and cotlaborate effectively
Senior React Native Developer with crossefuectonal and diverse teamt in a
Teen Setutions. fast-paced envianrment.
EB Tere -Ongeing @ Chatintne. Nore Caceting
Oven development and improvement of mobite applications, ensuring efficient product a Problem Solving
infraciuctaee., ji
4) Built and maintained over 15 mabite applications resufting in a 25 increase in clhent aan ie - ni o_o
sntinfictinn
 Succeswudly leveraged nateer APIs fe Seep imegrations, enhancing app functionality. seplicatiets fot cenianel paetoemenie,
 Played a hey role in dlagnesing and fixing bugs, reducing apptication oraahves by BOK.
+ lnplemerged automuted pening and denninuced integration geotessn, increasing
React Native Developer JavaScript TypeScript
Blue Oeean Tech 
(3 10146-2018 @ Chatiatie. North Cortina React Mative Development Redur
Chondinated with cross-functional teams to develop and ship new app features
 Collaborated in the development of 10+ app feetucrs, improving user experience and Switt/ObjectiveC Java/Ketlin RESTAPIS
boosting average vestion length by 15 .
+ Optimiped application performance, increasing speed ny 25 and reducing load time by
6 GraphQL.
+ Asuisbed in the transition of web apps tn react native, making S apps more accessible bo
bedcaailg Automated Testing Jest and Enzyme 
Junior Developer
ile Methodology Git Version Control
Global Tech Innovations Bi -
GR pone 20Le oP Chaetotte, Month Canotina
Assisted in the implementation and maintenance of automated testieg and coerinuters
litepratior CERTIFICATION
 Contributed be the maipe nd enhancemere of 7 mobile applirstsns ying Reset Se 
Com mubspenance and e appligations ting Rea nasenpeaes 4 Programming
+ Collaborates closety with senior developers to plan and develop the data peesermation Coune prowided by Codetademy focusing on E56 
Lay) for watkens agelieatiena. syndax and advanced JavaScript programming concepts.
Master React Mative and Redux
EDUCATION indepth Udemy course covering the nuances of React
 Motive and Redus library,
Master's Degree in Computer Science
Duke University
Gh in. 2014 Durham, orth Caiosinn PASSIONS
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science af Continuous Learning
University of North Carolina elas staked protein cshdete
1008-2012 Ghapel Hil, Noeth Carolina staying Sesaet ft latest (niteetry franc
 one ard techesdogies.
LANGUAGES @ digital art
SS ecclonshe shout dylan art ibich imnibbial ea
English Spanish designing visually appealing and user-friendly
Natiee eeeee Intermediate ee apepilicaticeres,