Phone: (123) 456 78 99
SQ L Developer Email: Infoa@qwikres umescom
Website www. qwikresurme.com
ROBERT SMITH Linke:
linkedia. corm/qwikresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama,
Objective
Over 7+ years of working experience as a Data Modeler and Data Analyst with high proficiency in
requirement gathering and data modeling Including design and technical knowledge, In the field
of OLTP, Data Warehousing, OLAP and ETL Environment along with quick adaptability to new
technologies.
Skills
SQL, Databases, T-Sql, Visual Studio, Visual Basic, , HTML 5, CSS3, SSRS, Collaboration, Problern
Resolution, Data Warehousing.
Work Experience
SQL Developer
ABC Corporation - November 2010 - April 2012

 Created documents fortechnical amp: business user requirerneants during requirernents
gathering sessions.

 Designed Logical and Physical models of Relational Database.

 Buillt strong relationships with key business and technology partners Inside and outside the
platform and infrastructure team.

- Worked on aggregate dimensions, late arriving facts and dimensions, staging tables and ODS,

 Partnered withfinance, MIS teams and accounting to ensure the consistency and accuracy of
data and reporting.

- Worked In data mapping, enabling the extract, transform and loading of the data Inte target
tables.

- Data mapping documents between Legacy, Production, and User Interface Systems were
developed,

SQL Developer
ABC Corporation - 2005 - 2010

 MBM Company ls ajewelry company selling rings, necklaces and other jewelry far merand
women,

 They specialize in having personalized jewelry products with clients such as Walmart, Target,
Kohls, JC Penny, 7th Avenue, HSN.

 RESPONSIBILITIES Created new tables, written stared procedures for Application Developers
and seme user defined functions Created SQL scripts for tuning and scheduling.

 Involved In Migratlon.of databases of SQL Server 2000 to SQL Server 2005,

 Performed data conversions from flat files Into a normalized database structure Created and
managed users, roles and groups and handled database security Created Triggers to enforce
data and referential Integrity Defined Check constraints, Business Rules,,

- Handling Users/Loging User Rights Managing historical data from various heterogeneous data
sources (Le,

- Excel, Access) Environment SQL Server 2000 and 2005, PL/SQL:

 This Free Resume Template isthe copyright of Qwikresume.com. Usage
Suicdelines