Junior SQL Developer Phone: (het 455. 8 Se
Emall: tnlotqwikresume.com
Website: www wiles ume.cont:
ROBERT SMITH Linked: linkedin com/quilresume
Address: 1737 Marshville Road,
Alabama
Objective
 Over 7 and hall years of strong experience with Demonstraicd success to the Database Design,
Development and Deployment of large-scale enterprise applications. Expert in MS SQL Server suite
of products like SSIS, SSAS and SSRS, Hands of expericnee on Database development in OLTP
 Online Processing) and OLAP SSIS, SSHS and SSA5)
Skills
Sollware Development, SQL, Database Management, codereview, unit testing, dao, Oracle, Web
 Services, ide, Business Development, aop, oop.
Work Experience
Junior SQL Developer
Ace Parking - Scpiember 2013 - 2019

 Design and deploy SSRS reports for visual prescutation of the data Developed T-SQL codes,
ETL Processes to collect /eomsolidate data from a varicly of sources.

 Developed parameterized dashboards and reporis with SQL Server Reporting Services (SSR5 .

 Develop T-SQL code, stored procedures, views, anctions. and other dalabase objects to supply
date needed for the reports.

 Tntegrate data from various sources using SSIS, validate dala and create reports.

 Responsible for developing and optimizing reporting solutions using SQL Server Reporting
Services (SSK5) to author, manage, and deliver dynamic, interactive, drill-down web-based
reports.

 Used tools (Excel and SQL) to analyze, query, sort and manipulate deta according bo defined
business rales and procedures.

 Optimized the queries which were nanning slowly.

SQL Developer
ABC Corporation - 2009 - 2013

 Technologies SQL Server 2008, BIDS Description As apart of the e-Governance initiative,
Ministry of Commerce (MOC has entered into.a formal agreement with NSDL Database
Management Limiied (NDMLI for csiablishing and managing a patlonwide Integrated solution
for adminis tration of Special Economic Zones (SEZ) of India.

 SEZ Online ts a total integrated solution offered by NDML for the administration of SEZ ta
faciiiiate speedy processing of various transactions, transparency In activities by reducing
physical Interface and using moder technology solutions of online electronic transection
processing and payment

 This development ts in collaboration with Infosys.

- Responsibilities Created disaster recovery plan to restore SQL Server and databases hosted on
the server Used SQL Profiler to monitor applications using SQL Server Perlorm periodic
checking of databases with DBCC command for maintaining data consistency and integrity
and rebuilt iidees.

 SAN Storage Configuration for clusters servers Establish and maintain sound backup and
recovery policies and procedures Review Database design and implementation and recommend
Improvements Implement ar maintain database security create and maintain.

OThis Eroe Resimic Template be the copyright of Guilresumecom, feage Guidelines