Shelli L. Ciaschini
Shelby, NC 28152
@ (704) 692-5150
sclaschinig@aol.com
SUMMARY
Motivated and amtytious Database Developer with advanced expenence using SQL Server
Management Studio 2005 and Visual Studio 2005. arm capable of leading and working with 
team as well:as individually. 1 have the ability to accomplish tasks under minimal supervisian and
direction, Hard worker with a desire to use updated SQL skills in tie feld to assist with achieving
goals and abjectives.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages:
Transact SQL, XML, COBOL-370, MVS/ICL, SQL, QMF, HTML, XHTML, CLCS(trained)
Microsoft Technologies:
SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services, Access, Word, Excel, Power Point, VB.Net
Databases:
Microsoft SQL Server 2000 / 2005, 082, VSAM, TSO/ISPF, ENDEVOR, STARTOOLS, SYNCSORT
Operating Systems:
Windows 98/2000/ P, Windows Server 2003
Software:
SQL Server Managenent Studio, Microsoft Visio, Micrason Office, Database Engine Tuning Advisor,
SQL Server Profiler, CoolGen 6,0 workstation, loomla, Dreamweaver , Flash 
SetFocus, LLC. Shelby, NC 8/08 - 11/08
SQL Server Master's Program

 Created numerous simple te complex queries Involving self joins, correlated subqueries and
XML techniques for diverse business requirements, Tuned and optimized queries by altering
database design, analyzing diferent query options, and indexing strategies.

 As part of a team, analyzed the business requirements and systematically designed a
database for an onling-movie (DVD/Blu- Ray) rental company. Employed best practices in
creating a complete schema including tables, relationships, stored procedures, views,
dustered and nan-clustered indexes and triggers, and implemented the impartatian and
exportation of data using XML and SSIS.

 As part of a team, created various neports according to the business requirements for the
movie rental company. Individually authored, installed, deployed and managed reports
using SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services for a library database.

 + Individually designed a bank application according ta business requirements, and
implemented robust stored procedures, functions, and triggers to implement required
functionalities.

 Developed 3 backup and recovery plan based on the data availability requirements af the
library and on the potential impact of data loss on tte business after considering and
analyzing the diferent backup and recovery strategies,

 Designed database maintenance plans to set up core maintenance tasks to make sure that
the database performs welll, is regularty backed up in case of system failure and is checked
for inconsistencies.

 Employed the Database Engine Tuning Advisor to analyze the performance effects of
workloads and implemented its recommendations wherever appropriate.

 Used the SQL Server Profiler tool to monitor the performance of SQL Server particularty to
analyze the performance of the stored procedures.

 Analyzed different high availability solutions and implemented database mirroring and
replication,

 Ad part of 6 team, established security policy using windaws domain accounts and
implemented a security strategy to protect against threats and attacks.